NPC max mining time gamerule (#8652)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gamerules.txt

	# DEFAULT: 1000
	# ALLOWABLE VALUES: any integer >= 0
	"no person spawn weight" 1000
	

> 	# NPC ships with mining personality will spend this many frames mining in the system.
> 	# DEFAULT: 3600

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# NPC ships with the mining personality will spend this many frames mining in the current system
	# before deciding to do something else. The purpose of this limit is so that NPC ships can be seen
	# by the player to show how to mine without also stripping the system bare of minable asteroids.
	# This limit does not apply to mining ships that are spawned by a mission.
	# DEFAULT: 3600 frames (one minute)
```

> 	# NPC ships with mining personality will spend this much amount of time in frames to mine in the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	# NPC ships with mining personality will spend this many frames mining in the system.
```
